docs: update README.md inputs and FAQ (#236)
VeryGoodOpenSource/very_good_coverage: README.md

## Inputs

> VeryGoodCoverage accepts the following configuration inputs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Very Good Coverage accepts the following configuration inputs:
```

| path         | The path to the lcov.info file.                                                                                                                                                 | './coverage/lcov.info' | 'packages/my_app/coverage/lcov.info'  | ✅       |
| min_coverage | The minimum coverage percentage allowed.                                                                                                                                        | 100                    | 95                                    | ✅       |
| exclude      | List of paths to exclude from the coverage report, separated by an empty space. Supports [globs](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glob_(programming)>) to describe file patterns. | ''                     | '**/\*\_observer.dart **/change.dart' | ✅       |

## Example usage

```yaml
uses: VeryGoodOpenSource/very_good_coverage@v2
with:
  path: './coverage/lcov.info'
  min_coverage: 95
  exclude: '**/*_observer.dart **/change.dart'
```

## FAQs

> #### How can I avoid VeryGoodCoverage reporting an empty or non-existent coverage file?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### How can I avoid Very Good Coverage reporting an empty or non-existent coverage file?
```

> #### How can I avoid VeryGoodCoverage reporting an empty or non-existent coverage file?

Author: ```suggestion
#### How can I avoid Very Good Coverage reporting an empty or non-existent coverage file?
```

> [Relevant issue](https://github.com/VeryGoodOpenSource/very_good_coverage/issues/167)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

A failure for non-existent coverage file can be resolved by setting the path input to match the location of the already generated lcov file.

```yaml
uses: VeryGoodOpenSource/very_good_coverage@v2
with:
  path: 'my_project/coverage/lcov.info'
```

If your generated lcov file is empty this might be because you have no test files or your tests are not generating any coverage data.

> If you wish to always bypass these warnings we recommend using a conditional statement in your workflow to avoid running the VeryGoodCoverage action when the lcov file is empty or non-existent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to always bypass these warnings, we recommend using a conditional statement in your workflow to avoid running the Very Good Coverage action when the lcov file is empty or non-existent.
```
